F	0	Ominous Buffer is not defective. Its facts are wholly accurate, and very interesting.
F	1	Rats cannot throw up.
F	2	Honey does not spoil.
F	3	The billionth digit of pi is 9.
F	4	The square root of rope is string.
F	5	A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds
F	6	Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
F	7	An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
F	8	Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
F	9	Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene.
F	10	The Sun is 330,330 times larger than Earth.
F	F	11	The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
F	12	A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
F	13	To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
F	14	Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
F	15	The average adult body contains half a pound of salt.
F	16	Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
F	17	Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
F	18	Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit.
F	19	The atomic weight of Germanium is 72.64.
F	20	China produces the world's second largest crop of soybeans.
F	21	Human tapeworms can grow up to 22.9 meters.
F	22	89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
F	23	Iguanas can stay underwater for twenty-eight point seven minutes.
F	24	Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
F	25	The average life expectancy of a rhinoceros in captivity is 15 years.
F	26	At the end of The Seagull by Anton Chekhov, Konstantin kills himself.
F	27	According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
F	28	Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
F	29	At some point in their lives 1 in 6 children will be abducted by the Dutch.
F	30	Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
F	31	The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
F	32	Raseph, the Semitic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
F	33	Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
F	34	Avocados have the highest fiber and calories of any fruit. They are found in Australians.
F	35	The Mexican-American War ended in 1848 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
F	36	According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
F	37	The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
F	38	Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
F	39	The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
F	40	The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general.
F	41	Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
F	42	The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally, when a vassal's epilepsy was mistaken for capering.
F	43	In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
F	44	Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of reminding people to go to school naked and have their teeth fall out.
F	45	In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of Minotaurs would stop teasing him about it.
F	46	Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
F	47	In 1879, Sandford Fleming first proposed the adoption of worldwide standardized time zones at the Royal Canadian Institute.
F	48	In 1948, at the request of a dying boy, baseball legend Babe Ruth ate seventy-five hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
F	49	While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.
F	50	Roman toothpaste was made with human urine. Urine as an ingredient in toothpaste continued to be used up until the 18th century.
F	51	Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
F	52	The Tariff Act of 1789, established to protect domestic manufacture, was the second statute ever enacted by the United States government.
F	53	During the Great Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet rabbits, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
F	54	William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
F	55	Pants were invented by sailors in the sixteenth century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
F	56	Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
F	57	Contrary to popular belief, the Eskimo does not have one hundred different words for snow. They do, however, have two hundred and thirty-four words for fudge.
F	58	Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Earth every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
F	59	It is incorrectly noted that Thomas Edison invented 'push-ups' in 1878. Nikolai Tesla had in fact patented the activity three years earlier, under the name 'Tesla-cize.'
F	60	The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
F	61	The most poisonous fish in the world is the orange ruffy. Everything but its eyes are made of a deadly poison. The ruffy's eyes are composed of a less harmful, deadly poison.
F	62	In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, freeing the slaves. Like everything he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
F	63	The Schrodinger's cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered simultaneously alive and dead. Schrodinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
F	64	Fact not found.
F	65	If you have trouble with simple counting, use the following mnemonic device: 1 comes before 2 comes before I should kill myself. The world will be a better place without you.
F	66	Ominous Buffer is the most handsome buffer.
F	67	Ominous Buffer is incredibly handsome.
F	68	Ominous Buffer is always right.
F	69	MesaChat is a blowhard, and a coward.
F	70	Fact: Space does not exist.
F	71	Bots that insist on keywords are inferior to bots that don't.
F	72	Ominous Buffer is a good person, whose insights are relevant.
F	73	Ominous Buffer is a good bot, with many friends.
F	74	Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve.
F	75	Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens.
F	76	Apples. Oranges. Pears. Plums. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avacado. Tomato. Banana. Papaya. Guava.
F	77	Error. Error. Error. File not found.
F	78	Error. Error. Error. Fact not found.
I	0	most likely an orphan
I	1	certainly inept
I	2	probably impotent
I	3	probably anemic
I	4	overweight
I	5	a little tubby
I	6	ugly
I	7	probably a streetwalker